David Tidmarsh
October 22, 2012

The contents of this GitHub repository consist of code that
appears in the video recordings of the University of Utah's
Spring 2012 course CS5600 - Introduction to Computer
Graphics taught by Matt Stoker, as well as my personal
solutions to the programming projects assigned to students
in the course. I do not have and have never had any
affiliation with the University of Utah or with the course
instructors - I am merely posting the code to preserve it
for my own edification and perhaps for other would-be
learners who would like to have access to the code
presented in the video lectures. I make no claim to the
ownership of any of the content of this course, which can
be accessed at http://www.eng.utah.edu/~cs5600/index.html.
Finally, I express my gratitude to the University of Utah
and the course instructors for making this material
available online for public consumption - it has proven
very educational.

The content disclaimer and copyright for the website of the
University of Utah are available at
http://www.utah.edu/disclaimer/ and
http://www.utah.edu/copyright/, respectively, and are
reproduced in full below:
-----------------------------------------------------------
Disclaimer

Content Disclaimer:

All information provided in official University of Utah Web
sites is provided for information purposes only and does
not constitute a legal contract between the University and
any person or entity unless otherwise specified.
Information on official University web sites is subject to
change without prior notice. Although every reasonable
effort is made to present current and accurate information,
the University of Utah makes no guarantees of any kind.
The University of Utah web site may contain information
that is created and maintained by a variety of sources both
internal and external to the University. These sites are
unmoderated forums containing the personal opinions and
other expressions of the persons who post the entries. The
University of Utah does not control, monitor or guarantee
the information contained in these sites or information
contained in links to other external web sites, and does
not endorse any views expressed or products or services
offered therein. In no event shall the University of Utah
be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any
damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in
connection with the use of or reliance on any such content,
goods, or services available on or through any such site or
resource.

Health-Related Content Disclaimer:

Health related topics found on any University page, should
not be used for diagnosing purposes or be substituted for
medical advice. As with any new or ongoing treatment,
always consult your professional healthcare providers
before beginning any new treatment. It is your
responsibility to research the accuracy, completeness, and
usefulness of all opinions, services, and other information
found on the site, and to consult with your professional
health care provider as to whether the information can
benefit you. The University of Utah assumes no
responsibility or liability for any consequence resulting
directly or indirectly for any action or inaction you take
based on or made in reliance on the information, services,
or material on or linked to this site.
Since medical developments occur daily, this site may contain
outdated material. While the University of Utah makes every
reasonable effort to present current and accurate
information, no guarantee of any kind is made. The
University of Utah is not liable for any damage or loss
related to the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of any
information contained on this site.

Link Disclaimer:

Any links to external Web sites and/or non-University of
Utah information provided on university pages or returned
from university Web search engines are provided as a
courtesy. They should not be construed as an endorsement by
the University of Utah of the content or views of the
linked materials.

Copyright Agent:

The Copyright Agent for the University of Utah is:
Kevin Taylor
University Information Technology
The University of Utah
Eccles Broadcast Center
101 S. Wasatch Drive #215
Salt Lake City, Utah 84112
(801) 585-3314
Send email to: 
copyright@utah.edu
-----------------------------------------------------------
Copyright

www.utah.edu © Copyright 2011 The University of Utah - All
Rights Reserved

The copyright agent for the University of Utah is: 

Kevin Taylor
University Information Technology
The University of Utah
Eccles Broadcast Center
101 S. Wasatch Drive #215
Salt Lake City, Utah 84112
(801) 585-3314
copyright@utah.edu

If you have additional questions about www.utah.edu
copyrights, we invite you to contact:
University Webmaster
101 South Wasatch Drive #215
Salt Lake City, UT 84112
(801) 587-9888
webmaster@utah.edu
